I've got a superstition.
It's getting clearer.
[Music]
Help me. Help me. Help me get moving.
Oh no. What?
control
the mic
nightmares apparition every
spring.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
[Music]
You know, you know,
around
[Music]
the last
I
up high I high I high I high I high I
high I high I high I high I high I
What
are you?
We're not going to
see the horizon
living
[Music]
cryame.
Just
fall
[Music]
at home
where we
[Music]
Well, we know how
she
never see again Tell
you
[Music]
Girl, don't you wait here anymore.
From the river,
[Music]
That was like really sweet.
Oh my god. Key continuity.
Nice.
Wait,
good. Okay, good news.
[Music]
I remember when we broke up the first
time saying this is it. I've had enough
cuz like we hadn't seen each other in a
month when you said you needed space.
What? Then you come around again and
say, "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm
gonna change. Trust me. Remember how
that lasted for a day? I say I hate you.
We break up. You call me I love you.
We called it off again last night. But
ooh
ooh. This time I'm telling you. I'm
telling you. We are never ever ever
getting back together.
Never ever
back together. You go talk to your
friends, talk to my friends, talk to me.
But we will never ever ever
get back to you.
Get back together.
[Music]
Get back together. Yeah. To your
friends. To my friends.
Ever.
[Music]
Sorry. It's like a really funny
prospect. Violet Pony is better than
Taylor Swift. Violet Pony doesn't exist
without Taylor Swift.
Which came first?
Oh, release Baddy. Batty, I'm releasing
you. Don't cry.
You're fine.
Hi everyone. Bubba City. Bubba City,
welcome to the stream.
Um, today we're going to be finishing
our good friend uh Doom and [__]
Welcome to the world. I'll accept being
Taylor Swift.
But um
yeah, welcome to stream.
We're chilling today.
Um and in how many hours? Hold on.
And how many hours is web punk?
I'm looking
I'm looking at it.
30 hours 18 hours
18. Shout out Web Punk in 18 hours.
Bio Pony equals Taylor Swift equals
Porter Robinson. That one line on Knock
Yourself Out.
I do reference that song in Love and
Pony Step. So, shout out.
Um,
and then Love and Pony Stuff itself. 8
days, guys.
8 days.
18 hours of 30 hours. You're okay.
Daddy said Baba.
Baba.
Anyway,
[Music]
that's nice.
Oh, we also have a new arrival if you
guys want to see it.
[Music]
Um, do you already have an idea on what
your next album's going to be like? Oh,
yeah. Um, so
here's the deal. Uh, once we get Love
and Pony Step, you know, in its release
cycle properly. Um, I have a bunch of
other projects to wrap up. Oh, yeah. Let
me screen share. Um, I have a bunch of
other projects to wrap up. Those have
already been in progress for some time.
Um,
and uh, so I'll be finishing all those
and then um, I already know what my next
album's going to be cuz it's something
I've been planning since 2018.
So, we're finally getting to it
again, guys. Promise complex is finally
happening. No more dilly tallying.
It's It's [__] finally time. Um, and
what's tough about this is like
I have become a completely different
artist since the last Starship Ponyville
album. If you want to count fairy tales,
it kind of is the same as counting
homeward cuz
crazy enough there was only a one-year
difference between Homeward and Fairy
Tales.
Fairy Tales was
five years ago.
So, man, um, Fairy Tales was before
Cutie Marks, Fish Whisperer, Carousel,
Paradise Valley, was before Monarch,
before Girls Car Wizards, and of course
before Love and Pony Step. Um,
it has been a while since the last
mainline Starship Ponyville album. Um,
and I think it's probably not a secret
at this point that
um, stuff like Fish Whisperer as well is
completely relevant to the Starship
Podville series. Most albums I've done
are relevant to the Starship Ponyville
series with the exceptions being like
Paradise Valley and Cutie Marks.
Um
I think that's pretty obvious if now
with Monarch. Um this was always the
plan, but Monarch was like the kind of
the big step into
fully creating that continuity. Um,
and so when I say Starship Ponyville
album, I mean like the mainline ones,
the ones that focus either on Saturn or
Feather Dance, cuz even if Fish Whisper,
Girls Who are Wizards, uh, Carousel to
an extent, um, Love and Pony Step and
Monarch all have to are all in the same
lore. Starship Ponyville uh mainline
albums are Mystic Acoustics, Homeward,
Super Pony World 2016, and Super Pony
World Fairy Tales so far. And then next,
Promise Complex, uh Super Sorry,
Starship Ponyville. Starship Ponyville
is the main lore series of everything.
So, um I think I have a I don't know if
I can get the
[Applause]
Do I have the flowchart spoiler version?
Okay. Um,
I think I think this is the version that
people are allowed to see.
Here's here's a a flowchart of how
everything's like tangentially related.
Hopefully, this is somewhat readable.
Um, I also made this uh
in November, so I think everything
should still technically be real, but
yeah.
Um, now the main thing is is that
originally cuz I started writing
Starship Ponyville in 2012.
Um,
with uh with Silver
and um
we've been trying to string along the
story threads all this time and I was
like, God, I was 13 when I started
writing this store story.
And um trying to keep everything like
having continuity and sensibility from
[__] I was writing when I was 13 is is
is quite difficult. So
things here and there have not been very
perfect. Mystic acoustics is written
like [__] Homeward is just has a lot of
consistency issues.
Um
so it it was a very slow and rocky
start. Why is Last Problem excluded from
the canon? cuz I don't cuz I just don't
the stories that I wanted to write are
kind of like [__] up by The Last
Problem's existence.
Um, mainly because of uh where the main
six are, what Twilight's whole thing is
and like the timeline inconsistencies,
etc., etc., etc. Um, I think what also
isn't written here as well is that for
the most part, Equestria Girls is also
not considered canon either.
There are some elements which have to be
canon one way or another like like the
existence of Sunset Shimmer, but taking
Equestria Girls at face value is just
not canon. Um the thing is is that I
can't really rework things to make as
much sense until Promise Complex is
complete because all the lore is like
scattered across everywhere. It's like
really difficult to make sense of. Um,
so Promise Complex is going to be a big
tie-in thing because I'll get to
I'll get to finally put all the lore in
one place so people aren't extremely
confused about everything all the time.
The the main issue I'm facing is that
the main character was originally
intended to be Saturn, and we only have
two albums that focus on Saturn out of
everything you're looking at here. So,
um, it's like, man, like in, uh, cuz
Saturn was conceptualized in 2012, but,
we didn't really know who she was truly
until 2016.
That was when Silver and I kind of
figured out what her character was
supposed to be. Um, for the most part
anyway. And, you know,
over the course of the 13-year journey
that Starship Ponyville has been, Saturn
has only had two albums. Meanwhile,
uh, Vid and Dub get to have two albums
in the course of a year's time. So,
already Vid and Dub, new brand new
characters, like literal new cats on the
street, just get to take precedence over
Saturn. So, we're we're we have a bit of
an issue with this. And part of the
issue is that Saturn is just not
interesting. I've talked about this
before, but like I would I wrote Saturn
to be like a like a chosen one archetype
character that's sort of like vacant in
a blank slate a little bit. And
nowadays, I don't really write
characters like that at all and I don't
really [__] with that like kind of story
writing. And so it just it just feels
she feels kind of strange in the context
of everything. So, in the in the process
of writing
um Promise Complex, I'm also going to be
trying to rework Saturn's character, try
and flesh her out a lot more. Um, and
also give her like an actual
personality.
Um, because even characters like Feather
Dance and Raina have far more
personality and intrigue than than
Saturn. So that's like one of the goals
in writing the promise complex stuff
which is going to be tough. It's like um
uh
okay this first is like super annoying.
Farewell. Um,
oh, what was I saying? The [__] the
making Saturn interesting is going to be
a task because her whole archetype is
uninteresting from the start. I think
it's kind of a misstep on my part
writing her and I feel like that is
easily seen by comparison of characters
like Cany, Vid, Dub, Feather Dance, etc.
Like all these other characters are far
more interesting than who was intended
to be the main character. That is a bit
of a problem.
Um,
replace Saturn with 328. That's the
funny thing is everyone knows the joke
of 328, but no one knows who [__] 327
is, which is Saturn.
328 has become become such a [__] pun
in the Violet Pony audience that like
everyone knows who 328 is, but not
Saturn,
which is like really this is like an
ongoing joke now. It's just who the [__]
is Saturn? Who the [__] is 327? No one
knows who that is.
Um, so we're going to try and make
Saturn someone people care about.
Um, if Love Letters is canon, then
non-existent me cute is also canon.
Um, so
Cutie MS is a mixed bag of things. Cutie
MS isn't definitionally relevant to
Starship Ponyville or the overall lore
of anything whatsoever.
Um except there are some story threads
which are relevant very specifically.
Um for well for example syndicate and
non-existent me are two different
interpretations of rarity. They're not
the same rarity.
Um syndicate syndicate rarity is canon
to starship ponyville.
Non-existent make cute rarity isn't
necessarily
antiff coughs and dies. Antiniff doesn't
have anything to do with anything. It's
just kind of fun.
Different rarities of rarity.
Said
meow.
I'm trying I'm trying to remember if any
anything else from cutie marks is like
canon to Starship Ponyville or anything
is non binary spike canon? I haven't
really thought about spike in the
context of Starship Ponyville. Um
I don't know. I I mean sure. I mean,
like I I felt like Spike is is is some
sort of like gender weirdness in the
show. Anyway, I felt like that's kind of
what made The Last Problem a little bit
depressing for me in the context of
Spike is like they spent so much time
building up Spike to be like, "Oh, you
don't have to be exactly like the other
dragons to be a real dragon, right?"
They spent a lot of time hammering away
at that idea, you know, showing how
Spike was different from other dragons
and that didn't make them any less of a
dragon. And there was something to be
said about how valuable that was for the
narrative. And then in the last problem,
all of a sudden, Spike is just
stereotypical buff dragon all of a
sudden. That was like that was weird.
That was like a weird thing to do.
So, I mean, I think that if you pretend
that the last problem doesn't exist that
um
I I think I think there is something to
be said about gender for for Spike.
Yeah,
that's interesting.
So, whether or not that's canon to
Starship Ponyville is like I feel like
cuz it's canon to My Little Pony. So,
it's like whatever.
Um, going through the cutie marks track
list in my brain. I'm going to get it up
on my phone. I can't remember the track
list off the top of my head verbatim.
I put out too much music. Okay.
Um,
Syndicate definitely
personally I feel like this will never
have any weight in the story whatsoever.
But like I I personally think that um
like bubbles and mod is a is is caner
pony even if that doesn't matter even a
little bit to the overall story.
And how to kill a monster is a
fascinating thing because that is
referenced slightly in um Monarch.
It's hard to say though because how to
kill a monster. I'm not really
describing a situation or an event or
anything. It's sort of just describing
what Starlight's progression is in like
My Little Pony proper. So it's like h
so I would say that the only thing that
has weight that could be considered
canon from cutie marks is is syndicate
rarity and that's about it is city of
the silent cannon is is ka is ka daily
city south San Francisco canon to
starship partyville I don't I don't
think so
as much as I would love it to be
the problem is and that's what's going
to be highlighted in this a little
is that
um
what what am I thinking? The um
it's hard to figure out what the names
for all these series are because I've
always just called everything Starship
Ponyville, but the reality is is that
there's like a main series, a mainline
series, and then subseries of each
individual one. So, it's like it's a
weird complicated thing. Hold on, let's
see if I can
do like a another type of flowchart
because it it it's I didn't plan it
ahead enough for this to not be
confusing
cuz I don't even think this this chart
is going to show up properly.
Can you make a listening list of your
music in chronological order of the
timeline so we can listen to stories in
the order they're kind of branching off
of? I can try, but what's complicated
about that is things like carousel
is in a different like is in a different
realm and therefore in a different like
time line sort of thing. So trying to
piece together which one truly happens
at which time is a little bit
complicated cuz they're all independent
of each other.
But
I I'll start with this Violet the Violet
Lore the Violet Lore universe. And I've
been the code name for this has just
been the Galactic Legacy of All
Creatures. I don't know if it's going to
stay that title. It's still technically
a working title,
but the main one from here is Starship
Ponyville, which is um Mystic Acoustics,
Homeward, and then eventually Promise
Complex. But what's weird about Starship
Ponyville is that this has a sub series.
This is where we start getting into the
complications because there's
technically also Super Pony World, which
is
simulation and fairy tales. And this is
subordinate to Starship Ponyville
directly
like this
kind of girls who are wizards.
Yeah. Well, we'll get to that.
Um,
so the only difference between this and
this is that the mainline Starship
Ponyville focuses on Saturn whereas the
Super Pony World focuses on Feather
Dance and Raina.
Um, but then there's stuff like
uh the top five videos lore,
which is primarily girls who are wizards
and love and pony step and other things
in between. And that is its own thing
technically, but it still has relevance
to Starship Ponyville. And also in Girls
Who are Wizards, they go into the fairy
tale simulation.
They like hijacked the fairy tale
simulation. So
this this whole lore doesn't interact
very much with the Starship Ponyville
events, but it exists in the same place
and they do have interacting events that
do occur. So it's like, do I say that
this is related like that or do I just
say that this is part of the overall
lore and then since this is subordinate
to the larger Starship Ponyville, it's
like well fairy tales is tangentially
related to girls who are wizards.
So that's like kind of a thing.
And then there's
up here
monarch or the the code name for this
has just been tails from the locust and
this is monarch of monsters.
Um and pretty much everything in
between.
And this this is kind of like the main
thing that connects everything. So, in a
way, all of this should technically
go downstairs.
Uh, let me put this up here really
quickly.
So, this should like go up here.
And, uh,
so everything kind of stems from what's
established here. Um, and then
there's
um the Sapphire Torrent
lore, which is Carousel
and that is technically its own pocket
over here, right? But
Creek Flow is an agent of Arya.
So, Tales from the Locust and Lulleoon
uh now lives in Feather Danc's world,
which is then tangentially related to
Top Five Videos because Lulleoon is like
very close with Vid now and Tiberious
and everyone. And also, Craig Flow
sometimes visits this area. So, Crl gets
involved over here too.
Um,
and for those who are confused about
that, uh, you might have missed that
there has been an ongoing comic series.
I don't really advertise it. I just sort
of do it. Um, but I've been doing this
comic series for the last few months.
Here are all the panels.
If you didn't know this existed, I'm
very sorry, but this exists. I don't
really advertise it on the YouTube at
all. It's just here.
So, um, there's that. And then,
uh, in really closely related to
Starship Ponyville is the Can Openers
Notebook series.
Right now, this only contains Fish
Whisperer,
and that is less of its own thing
because it's very, very, very closely
tied to Starship Ponyville. This this is
a very tight connection.
And Lulleoon from the Sapphire Torrent
lore also, you know, close with with
Cany as well, at least at some point.
So, that's that.
Um, way over here, way over here,
there's the Our Light
and After series, which currently only
has
Our Light
and After. And
that, while being very distant, has
really, really big ramifications on the
Starship Ponyville stuff later on.
which uh also ties into
fish whisper stuff.
Uh and I just can't explain how these
things work yet because you just have to
read the story stuff first. Um
what was I missing? Let me go back to
the other chart.
Oh, wait. I forgot.
There's technically the extended series
of of uh Starship Ponyville. Uh,
I'll have to explain how this works in a
second. Um,
so I'm going to put these in different
color. There's um,
horse friends,
uh, Twilight,
and Control Freaks.
And
this gray stuff here
is
um the Civil War arc
just all about the Equestrian Civil War.
And so that's like a whole Hold on.
So that's like a whole thing.
Um, the reason why these aren't counted
as much right now is because these
albums suck ass for the most part.
And, um, truthfully, when we first
started writing out Starship Ponyville,
we weren't taking it very seriously yet.
Um, and so these first three records,
um,
were only relevant half of the time to
the story, if that makes sense. So, let
me see if I can get an example here.
Also, as bad as these albums are, I
still love them. They're my babies. I
can't I can't hate them. I like
literally can't hate them. I love them
so much. They suck ass, but I still love
them.
Um
so Horse Friends for example um these
two songs our story begins uh is
actually
this song 11 years ago um
is an overture of a bunch of motifs that
you hear throughout Starship Ponyville.
Even now
a lot of the melodies in this have been
used throughout Starship Ponyville. I'm
wondering if anyone will recognize them.
I'll play it really quickly.
[Music]
very specifically. This part coming up
here,
[Music]
not this section here, but
right after this section, we get into
what's basically the largest promise
complex motif that you're going to hear.
[Music]
Here we go. This particular progression
So that's a whole thing. Um
these two songs are relevant to the
lore. So wake up every pony is detailing
kind of like just an attack on um in the
during the civil war. Um meanwhile
something like sign my flank has
absolutely nothing to do nothing to do
with the story. Same thing with three
spooky five me nothing to do with the
story.
Hearthswarming and technically dank
magic are related to the story. Yay!
Intensifies has nothing to do with the
story. When Canterlot is like half to do
with the story and half not and mostly
just annoying.
Um,
honestly, most of this first half
doesn't have a lot to do with the story.
Most of the story happens in the second
half of the album. Lunatic Neurosis into
O Pony Directory Tech Equestrian
Technicolor Hot Tri Crimson Shade. This
entire run of songs is all relevant to
the story.
Uh, Oddity, nothing. Smile on nothing.
Starcross through these are also related
to the story. So, it's like it's a mixed
bag.
Um, we can go to
I guess control freaks and
feather light dynasty. Control freaks.
These both have something to do with the
lore. Get sex inks and chronic
depression don't.
And then Golden Light does technically.
And it's like
once you get past that, then all the
albums that are in the lore don't really
flip-flop around on if they're related
to the story or not. So like you go into
to Mystic Acoustics and
everything here is going to matter to
the story.
So 20 20
I guess 2016 Super World 2016 is like
it's like has some things which don't
matter but they there's a little bit
more suspension of disbelief with Super
Pony World since it's like a virtual
world and like a video game
and so you can kind of have things that
are tangential and still related cuz
it's like video game [__] So I'm not
really including fairy tales or
simulation in that. Um, so really
starting with with 2016 album, you know,
we got a little bit more serious.
Um, what's funny is, yeah, we don't have
a we don't have a fanfic for Zo
Simulation, but there is a story. I just
never like published it or like wrote it
out in a way that would be publishable.
Um, but but this does have a linear
story from start to finish. I just never
like wanted to say it. Um,
that said,
I'm Creek Flow is more relevant to the
lore than Paradise Valley actually. So
much so that technically what I'm Creek
Flow is is it's something that Vid made
to taunt Creek flow.
That's what the explanation is in the
lore
is just this is this album is just a
troll. It's just Vid trolling Creek
Flow.
Um,
I would say that the albums that have
absolutely nothing to do whatsoever,
fully 100% nothing to do with the lore.
Um,
because even Winter's End has Starship
Podville in it, so you can't even like
discount Winter's End. Um,
the thing the albums that 100% have
absolutely nothing to do with the lore.
Um, Robin House and Ponyville, Apathy,
Tales from Equestria, Aloe and Lotus,
Glitter,
Queen of Misfits,
Paradise Valley.
Everything else has something to do with
the lore, whether it's in a big way or a
small way.
The way uh the way it's pronounced is Zo
Simulation. Um, I changed my approach to
naming fictional things, so you don't
see [__] like this anymore in my stuff.
But, um, yeah, I just made [__] up all
the time back in the day.
Crude oil is canon. Fracking is cannon.
Well, Starship Ponyville is partially
about hating the military-industrial
complex and capitalism. though one of
them one of the main
thesis for Starship Ponyville starting
in around like the 2014 part of it was a
criticism of colonialism and
imperialism.
So
can he ever come back? I hope so. I'd
love for that to happen.
Um,
Candy was back in the comics.
Uh,
Candy has been in the comics.
So, that's a whole thing. Will Walrus
ever have her own album? Walrus is in
the comics. Check out Walrus. Y'all seen
Walrus? Hold on. Y'all seen Walrus?
Where's my folder?
Oh, wait. Walus isn't in my folder. It's
in a different folder. Well, actually,
at least I have PL 911, which is great.
Um,
where's Walrus?
Where the [__] did I put my walrus?
[Applause]
Walrus, where the [__] I put you?
Oh, there's Walrus. There will be a
Pilford Electro Swing album. Okay, don't
listen don't listen to Stardust at all.
Don't listen to Stardust at all.
Anyway, here's here's Walrus.
Lampert and Pilford album.
Who listens to Stardust? What is Pel
Cord anyway? Pel Cord is just like the
like the friend group essentially and
we're we're all starting to collaborate
on stuff together.
I am in Pelord right now.
I would Lotus Ray Clamper and Pford.
Yeah, maybe.
I love I love this little [__] thing
I did of of Warus and Pilford hanging
out.
I think one of the best things that ever
happened to me was realizing I can just
draw like scribbly with my mouse and
everything's like fine.
I love it when Pilford's so good. Oh,
you're showing this
[Music]
You're fine. Uh,
okay.
Okay.
Uh, anyway, yeah, I'll probably compile
the comics somewhere that isn't the wiki
at some point, but for now, it's like
the way it's been with the comics is I
do these really spontaneously, and I I
need something that facilitates the
spontaneity. If I had to like cate cat
catalog all of these things myself and
like put them into like a really
organized state first, it would probably
discourage me from making the comic in
the first place. So, for right now, I'm
just doing [__] And when it starts to
settle down, then I'll probably organize
it more properly. But for now, you can
keep up with it on the wiki or my
Twitter or my Tumblr, but Tumblr is a
little bit more difficult to to see.
Well, no, you can use my my art tag, so
whatever.
Sans's Undertale lore drop.
The comic is my top source of wiki
edits. You can't take it away from me.
What would settling down involve? Um,
when I feel less compelled to do the
comics, cuz the comics are like
definitely an articulation of like ideas
I have for the story combined with like
things I'm dealing with in my personal
life.
Um,
they're very casually written, too.
That said, am I missing something here?
All the main stuff looks like it's here.
But that means stuff like top five
videos
has continuity very deeply with
everything.
What's really tough here is nailing down
what is the thing to pay attention to
for mostly
because
obviously tails and the locust monarch
of monsters this is the nexus point for
everything right but is that like the
main story to pay attention to I'm not
sure um Starship Ponyville and Super
Pony World tangentially these two
together were supposed to
like the main series. But the difficulty
is that for Starship Ponyville
specifically, I just haven't found it as
compelling as the rest of these stories
because I started writing Starship
Ponyville when I was but a a little a
little creature. Whereas the rest of
these I've I've mostly written as an
adult when I kind of know what I'm doing
a little bit better. So it's like it's a
big it's complicated. So, the reason why
finally finishing Promise Complex, this
part of Starship Ponyville, is so
important to me, is it means that once
that's done, I can finally rework
everything that needs to be reworked.
And I can finally move on to stories
that even if they're in the same
universe and are related to all the
world building here, are a little bit
more self-contained and aren't like held
down by like Saturn's arc.
I've been talking about Promise Complex
since 2018, since before Homeward even
came out.
So, it's like
we've all sort of been waiting for
Promise Complex to finally get done. In
order to do Promise Complex, I also have
to first finish the Fairy Tales fanfic,
which was in progress since 2020.
So, it's it's just been a lot. It's been
a lot of [__] baggage to get all this
stuff done.
Um, it it will it will really it will
really be a big step forward for the
Violet Pony project to finish Promise
Complex and the Fairy Tales fanfic. And
of course, finishing Promise Complex is
going to involve writing the Promise
Complex fanfic as well. Um,
and what's so tough about this again is
I've grown so much as an artist,
musician, everything since Homeward and
Fairy Tales. And I just don't know how
passionate I can be about Promise
Complex artistically and musically. I
feel like it's going to be a struggle
because um I haven't done this style of
music in a while and
um
I've I've put in so much to stuff like
Monarch and Love and Pony stuff that's
like I don't really know what I can do
for Promise Complex the same way I did
for for these albums. So that's going to
be a bit of a struggle for me to
consider
cuz Promise Complex was originally
intended to be like, "Oh, this is where
I'm going to put everything in it. This
is where I'm gonna test all my skills
all at once. But like I sort of done
that with Monarch and Love and Pony
Stout.
So now what is Promise Comp Complex
going to be? I'm not quite sure. The
difference between Promise Complex and
these other two albums though is that
Promise Complex is like more more
spacey, orchestral, experimental
electronically.
And uh it's not as nearly as chaotic as
things like Monarch and Love and Pony
Step. It's going to be more carefully
conceived, I suppose. Um,
but it's complicated. It's weird.
I do I do have plenty of ideas for for
Promise Complex. Um, lots of styles and
ideas that I've been wanting to do for a
really long time, but just haven't yet.
Electro swing. Okay, there's not going
to be electro swing on Promise Complex,
but that's okay.
It's complex.
You finished the run, Violet. Now
continue in endless mode.
We will not falter in the face of fear.
You're so true about this though.
Always been really curious about why
individual songs are uploaded to YouTube
weeks apart even after the respective
album is out. Um, okay. So, originally
this was a hold over from the
promotional days of my music. So, in
order for for
um my music to get like published in
different places,
um I would have to spread out the
releases so that they would take each
individual song and publish them rather
than do it all at once and then minimize
my exposure.
Um
so, what I mean by that, I'll reword it.
if I posted an album and then all the
songs with it, um I would only get like
people talking about stuff for for that
small period of time and then it would
sort of go away. Um whereas if I took an
album, posted it, and then spread out
the individual songs over, you know, a
few weeks, months, whatever, then the
album would be out, but I'd still have
like the music in circulation and people
would still be talking about it. Um, so
that was originally the idea. Now that
doesn't really matter as much and it's
sort of instead just been a way to
establish an individuality for each
individual song cuz I commission art for
every single song and I want everything
to like stand out on its own. And um,
I think at the same time it's also maybe
to encourage people to
buy music, download music, you know,
listen to it.
um in a way that's more convenient than
YouTube
as well. So it's like if you really want
to listen to all the individual songs,
you can just, you know, get the album in
whatever way makes the most sense to
you.
So it's a combination of many factors in
that sense.
But that's why songs are uploaded long
after the album's out
is it's just to emphasize the
individuality of a song to showcase the
artwork, etc., etc., etc.
Yeah. And spam detection. That's there's
there's less of a problem with that. But
yeah, I just don't Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I
guess another thing is also is like
during periods of inactivity for me
where where I'm working on something or
I'm busy with something else, having
something else to upload to prove that
I'm still alive and doing stuff is like
good.
It's kind to be like, hey, I'm still
here. Don't worry about it.
And um obviously once Love and Pony Step
is out, I'm going to have tons of stuff
I get to upload. I'm going to be
cross-uploading Monarch, Love and Pony
Step, and Girls Who Are Wizards over the
course of like the next year. And by the
time that those uploads are done, I'm
also going to have a bunch of extra
stuff to release hopefully. So,
basically, we're building up a really
big fat catalog of stuff to put out
while Promise Complex is in the works.
So, I feel pretty good about that.
Vid might as well take over your channel
while you're on vacation. I don't really
do vacations. I don't really do
vacations.
I sort of get my fill of breaks in
between working on things already.
Anyway, I know this flowchart is
extremely confusing still. Um that's why
I need to finish promise complex so I
can rework everything to make it make
more sense.
But
um in private I also have a timeline
written of everything as accurately as
possible.
And I think there's like over 200 cells
of events documented in that timeline.
So I've been keeping track of things as
much as I possibly can.
Anyway, everyone got this? Everyone
Everyone having fun with this [__]
image?
It's gone now.
Let's First we Violet, then we pled it.
Let's Violet Pel.
Uh those familiar feelings.
Uh are you doing better since the
follow-up? Yes, things are very positive
since the uh followup with the stuff I
was dealing with. Um, not in the clear
fully yet with everything, but I'm
functional, so it's like whatever.
I haven't been sleeping very much though
because it's been extremely hot and it's
like triggering my my anxiety a lot.
When you said pawn pled, I was like,
"Oh, I've been mentally saying it as
pond this whole time." I don't know what
it's supposed to be print. I don't even
know where the name came from.
But thank you for ask. Thank you for
asking.
Oh, because like Wordle and then Violet
Pony pawn,
but even then it would be DLE. Yeah, the
L would go there. What? Why is it I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
Also, sorry, I have to like I have to
like air out a little vent really
quickly. Um, just cuz it's on my mind.
Um,
I saw someone say somewhere, it might
have been write your music or album of
the year or something, but someone on
Monarch said, "Man, I can't stand this
album." So, oh, this shit's so
programmed and it's really obvious. And
what they meant by this is here, I'll
for people who don't know what that
means. So, I'll explain that for a
second. Um,
let's open Ableton really quickly.
I just need I just need to I just need
to vent about this for a second
because because I have some things to
say.
It's very tough to talk about stuff like
this, too, because I never want I never
want people to like go and like start
bullying other people about stuff. So,
it's like in order to talk about these
things, I just have to like not show who
said it. Um,
but I do I do want to talk about this.
I don't tend to talk about what people
say very much anymore, but like just as
a rule, if I ever do [__] just like
stay out of someone's business, though,
I just need I just need to be able to
talk about [__] without, you know,
everyone going at someone. It's not a
big deal. Um,
so I play piano. People know this.
Okay. Um, now if I record something like
this,
you know, play it physically like this,
that is not programmed. However, if you
go in, make a MIDI clip and start
writing notes like this.
Can we turn off the scale thing? Thank
you.
[Music]
Hello, Ableton.
[Applause]
So, if I go in and write this like this,
that's called programmed as opposed to
playing it live. Um, this is programmed.
This is recorded live. Um,
now, uh, someone was in the comments of,
uh, of Monarch being like, I can't stand
this [__] So much of this is obviously
programmed. So, they're they're they're
suggesting that almost everything on the
album was done via this method here. And
I have a lot of things to say about
that. First and foremostly,
there's nothing wrong with programming
it.
Um, like your your favorite white man
European composer from the 18th century
programmed stuff. It's called music
writing on paper. So many of those guys
didn't even play the instruments in
their own symphonies. They're just
writing [__] Um, programming, quote
unquote unquote, has just been a part of
music for hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of years. Uh, there's nothing
wrong with it whatsoever. Um, however,
however, however,
however,
um, there is value that you can maybe
find in something being live played, you
know, and for something like Monarch
where so much of it is rock music and so
much of it is like, you know, organic
sounding, um, I can understand why you
might value things being less programmed
in that style of music specifically. So,
I I understand that partially. And to be
fair, there are some things on Monarch
which are programmed. Um, some examples
are the drums on the Heretic.
Um,
the opening of Wallflower Equation, the
boom boom boom that's programmed. Um,
trying to think what else
there are. No, there's not. Oh. Oh, also
the drums in Vitality Glitch and a lot
of the stuff in Vitality Glitch, but for
the most part, uh, everything in Monarch
was actually played live, including the
drums. And you might ask, okay, but how
did you do that without a drum set? Cuz
I don't have a drum set. Well, I'll show
you that. I've shown this a few times,
but let's for all the new for all the
new ones here. Let me let me show you
something. Virtual drum set. Sure.
However, I play piano. And not just
piano, but
I could play drums on piano.
Um,
a lot of the drums on Monarch are me
just playing drums on piano. So, are
they real drums? Not exactly. They're
still virtual drums, but are they
programmed? No. Most of the drums on
Monarch are not programmed. Um, let's
see. The drums that I used for um,
Revenge Fantasy, I think was the Black
Velvet.
Yeah, that sounds like the right snare.
[Music]
here. And here, I'll show it again. Oh,
that's that's my Kenneth. Um,
[Music]
I also have a different setup where I
can change the drum pads around. I'm
going to see where if I can find where
that is.
Is it here?
Um,
I don't remember.
There was a thing I made for Oh, there
we go.
So this changes out the
[Music]
So I have this rack here which changes
the order of the drum pads on the piano
so it's easier for me to play them. Um
there's a setup the way um uh drums
drums usually are arranged like this
where you have kick here.
[Music]
This is normally how drums are laid out
on a piano. The normal addictive drums
um are expanded multiple octaves and so
things are stretched out more. So for
years I got used to playing in this way.
I I got used to playing in this this
format. So I created this this rack down
here which takes Addictive Drums and
remaps everything to the way that I'm
used to.
Um, and some of these drums are really
[__] nice. They just came out with
this thing which sounds like this. This
thing is absolutely nasty how how crisp
it is.
[Music]
Hold
on. Let me do Let me do some Let me do
my favorite. Let me do my favorite.
[Music]
What's funny is um I I'm super used to
playing drums on piano even to the point
where a lot of those micro timings are
on purpose. Um, there's a huge
difference between playing like this
[Music]
and playing this.
It sounds sloppy, but it also has like
this really nice like push and pull to
it that I really like.
[Music]
Uh, it's like a lot of dotted swung
rhythms that kind of go in between on
time and in time. And obviously you can
play it like
super on time if you want to.
But
playing with that little bit of extra
like drag and and push and pull feels
really nice.
[Music]
Jello. Yeah. Yeah. Basically,
sorry. I love playing drums. Um, you can
also do your Oh, man. The [__] toms
they have on this kit, too.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Hey,
[Music]
hey, hey.
What?
Okay, so a lot of the drums on Monarch
aren't aren't programmed.
Uh, one of my favorite examples of this
is is Wallflower Equation.
Um, and I feel like this person must
have been considering this part a lot.
Um,
this part,
every instrument in this section is
completely live played. the horns, the
the drums, everything
except for that the program thing from
the start. But
[Music]
But here's the thing.
While a lot of the stuff on Monarch
isn't programmed like that person
suggests, I also want to make it so
clear that it's totally fine for things
to be programmed because like that
should not be a limitation to how you
make music. Um, and the guitar was
really not programmed. It was all stuff
I played. The horns were never
programmed. I always played those live.
Piano was never programmed. I always
play those live. Obviously, the drums
were mostly never programmed except for
things like Vitality Glitch and The
Heretic. Um,
and yet it's totally fine to program
things. And no one agrees with this more
than the person who made that criticism
of Monarch because one of their top
albums is Brat by Charlie XCX.
I remember seeing that comment and then
going to the profile. I'm like, "Okay,
well, whatever."
Now, again, again, I know the criticism
is like, "Well, this is a rock album.
This is a rock album. You can't program
[__] for a rock album." And it's like, I
do not know how to tell you this, but
you cannot usually make a rock album
without a guitar amplifier. A guitar
amplifier requires electricity to
function.
Without electricity, you can't really do
rock music very easily. Are you saying
that you're entirely dependent on
technology to make this style of music?
That's very fascinating.
It is almost as if art is not
necessarily the pure expression of what
we can do with raw humanity. It is a
combination of us and the tools we
create to do the thing. Um no switch
songwriters pure uncut rock. Also the
point earlier of um Paranol laughing in
the corner. Paranol agreed to be one of
the most important emo artists out
there. all of their [__] is programmed.
And that's part of the beauty of it is
is taking that programming for
um this like normally organic style of
music and still finding a way to make it
gorgeous. Same thing with death
consciousness. By the way, most of the
stuff most of the drums on death
consciousness is a is a Have a nice life
is um is is programmed.
the the drums and death consciousness is
Have a nice life is is just default
garage band drums.
Quinic I'm not sure but
probably
yeah no being against program music is
elitist. It definitely is. And again,
um, [__] classical music is programs
most like who the what which [__]
composer is playing all the violins and
cellos and everything? You tell me.
Um, not only that, but like all your
favorite rock artists love to do stuff
that can only be done in the studio.
Um, you also have to think about stuff
like
let's let's talk about stuff like Green
Day. This is a [__] pure uncut rock
comment from earlier. Do you think Green
Day is American Idiot? It's going to
sound as good as it does without the
engineering.
Like the engineering, the mixing, the
mastering is part of what makes that
album so nice to people.
And that's like not real. That doesn't
ex That's That's a very ethereal
non-tangible thing.
If you think Mozart would have used
many, you're delusional. It's genuinely
so true.
It does pretentious music reviewer
hockey
where they hokey. Oh, I'm silly. where
they think they're superior for enjoying
stuff critics gave 10 out of 10. That's
the thing is if you look at someone's
top albums or their topster, the more it
resembles like the rate your music top
100, the more scared you should be.
Like, yeah, everyone agrees these are
good albums, but why? How come they're
all your favorite albums, too? That
doesn't make any sense.
When I first got into music, I wasn't
aware of program music at all. So, I
just imagined everything as being played
alive. So, I just thought EDM was
someone going 500 miles per hour in the
sense. What's funny is when I first
started listening to any kind of music,
I never thought about how it was made.
And it didn't really impress me very
much. It just was always just like, "Oh,
this is really cool sounding." And then
becoming a musician and getting more
into it, all the things that seemed the
simplest to me all of a sudden became
mindblowing experiences. Even getting
into EDM, at first I relied a lot on
like samples and I didn't even think
about how the samples were made. I was
just like, "Oh yeah, these always
existed and like blah blah blah blah
blah." And then I sat down, I was like,
"Okay, but how did these things actually
get made? What the fuck?" And then the
more I tried to like reverse engineer
all the samples that I had used, the
harder and harder and harder and harder
and harder it got. Like the people who
[__] do sound design for a living are
insane.
Pico, hi Violet Pony. a long time list
of first time chatter. Pico, I'm
stuffing you into a box. Pico,
you should uh eat 10 burgers right now.
Yeah, I mostly use rate your music as
like a cataloging thing and like to to
look at information about stuff. I
barely use it for ratings whatsoever cuz
it's kind of [__] dog [__] for
ratings.
It has a great algorithm for like
finding new music though, but that's
based on the tagging system.
Rate your music is great for learning
history and stuff like that. It's not
really great for understanding if
something is worth your time or not. And
the thing is, most art is worth your
time. It's just whether or not you're
going to [__] with it or not.
album of the year is so much better
vibes. I disagree, but it's like fine.
I think anytime you give you give people
an ego for being able to spout opinions
about stuff that they probably have no
idea about, I I felt like that's just
not going to be the greatest community
of all time.
And the thing is is rate your music and
album of the year. They they ate up
Monarch so much and like I knew they
would. Like everyone on those websites
are so predictable. I don't I don't do
stuff specifically to get attention. Not
like I used to in like 2015 2016. I do
stuff if I want to do it. And the thing
is, you know, as I was conceiving
Monarch, I was thinking in my head, "Oh,
brother, the people on these websites
are going to be like, oh, finally you're
making real music." I knew they would be
like that. I knew they were going to be
like that. Lo and behold, we look at the
reception and it all happened just like
I predicted. It's like, god forbid
something I wanted to do is going to
line up exactly with how I know they're
going to react. It's so [__] silly.
Um,
it's like it's it's genuinely really
really funny. Um,
what I can't predict is the reception to
Love and Pony Step. In my mind, I feel
like a lot of those people are going to
hate this [__] But also, some people
have been opening up their minds to me
in specific. So, I'll see if I can
convert people.
If you put a prefix before the word
rock, then your music will love it.
It's It's so true.
Did you deliberately plot Monarch to be
in between two depth of albums to mess
with them? Absolutely.
Absolutely
no. Like putting out Love and Pony Step
after Monarch is the dream that I've
had. I want to rope these the elitists
in the people who are be like, "Oh,
Monarch is like real music." And then
I'm going to be like, "Awesome. Here's a
better album than Monarch that you think
is going to be garbage."
This is the dream. This is the dream.
This is the dream.
And here's the thing. Um, I don't want
people to go to war for these albums on
on these websites. You shouldn't rate
something unless you really want to. I
don't want people to try and fight the
review bombing or whatever. I don't give
a [__] I used to when I was like when
Cutie Ms came out. I'm so [__] over
it, though.
Like, just do whatever you want. I don't
[__] who [__] cares about a number
a number of like a very very predictable
group of people.
Also, let's let's let's continue to
normalize calling um calling Love & Pony
Step Brostep music. I think I've had the
dubstep conversation on my YouTube
channel like maybe 20 times at this
point, but let's let's let's let's call
this [__] broep. Bro step or pony step?
Bro step
11 and pony step is is is my love letter
to broep
and complex and future base and the teab
of futuristic swag
and crunk and crunk. Unfortunately, I
didn't get any crunk in in 112. I should
have though. I wanted to. and terracore
and extra tone and and extra tone and
speed core and hardcore hard style.
Here's a question guys. Should I make
the teab of jungle terror? Jungle terror
is coming back in a big way.
Mirid, you're in chat, right? I I know
you I know you [__] with jungle terror
like me.
Tell me you [__] with jungle terror like
me.
The the new gens don't the new gens have
no idea about jungle terror.
I love electronic music so much. I feel
bad for elitist music fans who think
it's lesser for some reason and just
won't take it seriously.
It's like really funny again cuz again
if you put these people in front of a
computer and said, "Okay, now make
electronic music." They're going to come
out with like Casio beat number five.
It's like really funny. Yeah. Give us a
math rock album. Or at best they'll come
up with like new disco splice a sample
song.
That's kind of crazy. That's kind of
crazy. It only started six years ago.
But you still get it.
The opposition of jungle is definitely
tundra.
I don't want there to be an opposition
to jungle. I think jungle should just be
king forever.
That's the other thing of I was we were
literally just having this conversation.
Um we're literally just having this
conversation in Pilord like yesterday
about like [__] Americans don't
understand Americans don't understand
jungle and drum and bass music. They
never will. They're never going to get
it.
Oh my god. I'm excited for Geese to hear
the album, too. This one's gonna be so
different from Monarch and I can't wait
to hear his like perspective on it.
Can we start calling atmospheric DMV
tundra?
Yeah, liquid liquid DMV. Icy DMB tundra
DMV.
We're calling micro house mouse house.
We have this conversation, too. Yeah.
Um, favorite song from Fairy Tales is
street rap. Actually, that's really a
base because I love Streat. Rat's good.
I think that's the problem is David Geta
like has skill too. It's just like he
doesn't put it to use that I find very
exciting.
At least his mixdowns are really nice,
right?
Favorite song from Loving Pretty Step.
Again, I'm going to say it. Falling in
love with the corporate illustration.
Everybody, everybody get your get your
ass together for falling in love with
the corporate illustration cuz like
I locked in for this whole album, but I
didn't lock in nearly as much in
anything in my life compared to falling
in love with the corporate illustration.
This is this is the song
uh Corporate Illustration is going to go
at the top of my my top songs list on
Spotify
very easily.
Yeah, I don't know what it does about
drum and bass and like jungle not
getting the love it deserves in in like
America.
In a lot of other parts of the world,
especially the UK, obviously everyone
gets it. Just not here.
Tiestto, come back to your glory days,
please. Can I just say that my exposure
to Tiestto initially was through his
progressive house like festival house
music and not like the trans music that
he's been known for for like decades.
It was like genuinely really funny.
Like it was like some Swedish house
Dutch house [__] that he was doing.
Wasn't even his trans music. Man, I only
know Tao for like two songs and like one
of them is like really nostalgic for me.
[__] uh in my memory. Oh,
wait. That's search. Oh, hold on.
Uh,
I need to hear this. I need to hear
this. Like I had I had two like stuffed
like uh ugly dolls and I would always
like make them like bob and dance to it
and sing to it occasionally.
Kind of some cringe background, but you
know. Yeah.
[Music]
Hey, listen to this [__]
You know what I love about this is like
the the phasing on the high hats. It
feels so ethereal.
Instead of like a It's like
[Music]
white balance is cooked on that photo.
Okay. Okay, wait. This is completely
tangential to everything we've been
talking about, but um I I am a dead
mouse apologist for his music from up
until 2014.
Um I I think his music up to 2014 is
like genuinely incredible. And the one
I'm the most of an apologist for is is
4412.
Even Dead Mouse fans and non- Dead Mouse
fans alike both for whatever reason do
not [__] with 4412. But like, how can
you [__] not? Hold on.
How How on earth can you not [__] with
4412 when it sounds the way it does?
Hold on.
Like, I'm sorry, but this is the
craziest [__] in the world.
Like the mix is immaculate. The bass is
fat as [__]
Okay, One Trick Pony is like great, but
the lyrics are dog [__]
I I usually don't say stuff like that,
but like the lyrics are really stupid.
Like in a really mean way.
Um,
but like holy [__] like,
oh my god, animal rights, too.
Cthulu sleeps is still my favorite off
those. I actually found I found the
Cthulhu Sleeps clap, I think.
Um, actually, you know what's crazy? I
sourced the the Dead Mouse Ghost and
Stuff Clap
as well. I can show it. Hold on.
Here. This is This is the Dead Mouse uh
Ghost and Stuff Clap. I sourced it to
this one.
[Music]
That's the Ghost and Stuff Clap.
There it is.
It's from the uh
it's from the '9s sample CD, the Norman
Cook, the uh Fat Boy Slim, Skip to My
Loops sample CD,
and it's it's the second clap on this
loop.
I I don't think anyone sourced this yet,
but I found it by accident. Um but I was
looking for the Cthulhu Sleeps one. Let
me see if I can find it.
[Music]
here
from Cthulhu Sleeps. It's uh
specifically that first second one that
it's from some Corg keyboard.
Um
but but yeah, this is like
[Music]
right here.
The kick drum into that sub is just like
it's just like the cleanest
phase relationship I've ever heard in my
entire life.
I don't I don't get it. I don't get it.
I don't know how you do that.
It's really nice. It's really clean.
Um I was probably talking about dead
mouse just cuz I feel like talking about
the mouse cuz why not
mouse?
I'm gonna do this
motives anyways. We're always trying out
what they are.
Oh, I can talk about the motifs in a
second. Actually,
this is like post 2018, I think.
Is it a fish whisperer song? I don't
feel like it is.
What is this?
Oh, is this um
Look at me.
Uh Mark of Harmony
examining the afterthought.
[Music]
Oh, up. Very nice.
While One is less than two is also a
really great album afterwards. I feel
like Dead Mess definitely
took a bit of a
weird turn musically in a way that I'm
not really a fan of.
[Music]
Uh, this is Spark. Okay, so the motifs
are are fascinating for for Starship
Ponyville lore stuff. Um, let me get my
piano really quickly.
show.
Let me get I need to get my [__]
Apple Music open again.
Also, by the way, if there was any ever
any question, Levels is one of the
greatest dance songs of all time.
I could talk about it for ages, but I've
already done that enough.
So
motifs don't show up very strongly um
before Zo simulation. Um
there is again the some of the light
motifs in in horse friends like I was
talking about. Um the first like major
motif I think was definitely going to be
um the love letters mistress one.
One more time for the top, please.
[Music]
And it's a motif in the sense that it
shows up at different parts of colorless
as well, like here.
And it's also articulated and familiar
feelings like this.
[Music]
So the way we do that is All
right.
[Music]
So that's a that's a colorless motif.
The the mistress motif technically. Um
let's see. So then our motifs start to
show up in spades starting here. Um
the main motif in in Super Pony World is
is technically two things. It's the
melody here. Um,
[Music]
I can't play this on piano. This was
programmed
[Music]
and that shows up again in Victor and
Canerlot.
And then um I'm trying to remember where
it is here.
Having a hard time remembering fairy
tales cuz it's so [__] big.
Um let's find it.
Hello. Uh cuz the fairy tales won. thing
[Music]
sounds similar, but it's not the same.
Oh, I know. in um in Medley of Visions
[Music]
here.
So that's that's the the one up motif or
the originals rail simulation motif. And
then oh my god, feather. Oh my god. Oh
my god. Oh my god. Hi, Father. Oh my
god. Hi.
Holy [__] Oh my god. Oh my god. Feather
the goat. Oh my god. This is the
greatest thing ever. Holy [__]
Shadow Feather. The [__] greatest to
ever do it. Oh my goodness,
guys. I told you she's she's back and
we're winning so much.
Wait, I could I could actually show the
the the feather samples and
interpolations really quickly. Um I
don't know how much you've heard. I
think maybe you were listening to
Carousel, but the main one here is
is here where I have the
um the city slicker vocals as part of
the vocal glitching here.
[Music]
Feather, my absolute greatest honor of
all time. Thank you so much.
Um, there is also the here here's here's
another fun one.
Um,
right in the background here,
the vocal glitches in the back here are
jealousy.
[Music]
But then also
[Applause]
is an interpolation of
[Music]
Wait,
I'm
all fixed.
So there's that. Um and uh
extra kept reminding me of the the
interpolation and um needle pusher,
which I need to get up here instead
where it's
this.
[Music]
Why can't I
be the pony you want from me? City is
sick and I've been
there's a reference to Help Me, Help Me,
Help Me
is a reference to the greatest song of
all time, City Slicker. Where are you?
Where is my City Sticker? There's like a
million City slickers on my computer.
Like, which one's the right one? Here we
go.
[Music]
Raindrops.
They bounce right off my back. Is also
uh
uh where the [__] did needle pressure
go? Help me. Is also interpolated here.
[Music]
There's that. Uh, and then also in
[__] Monarch vitality glitch to start
here is also city slicker.
[Music]
There's that. There's also some other
ones. I'm probably forgetting them at
this point, though, cuz they were so
subtle. Um, but also I haven't really
told anyone else Patreon except uh about
this one, but
um here's this.
[Music]
Shapes
and colors
of the patterns all around. Lift it.
So I fly down.
No. The waves
of light.
Tiny fragments of salt. They shifted
paint the town.
I don't got a care in the world.
City
ra
they bounce right off my back.
I don't have to be that kind of girl.
Tastes like a
raindrops.
bounced right off my back. So, it's a
full thing. Uh, I'll put it out at some
point. I might want to redo one or two
parts of it, but like, holy [__]
I just had to get that out. I just had
to get that out.
Um, huge, huge, huge forever and ever.
Shout out Feather.
It's It's so It's so heartening to to
see you back like excited about creating
things again.
Um,
again God's the greatest to ever do it.
Um, I hope we can get your stuff up on
streaming because everyone in this chat
uh definitely needs to to put some
listens on that as soon as possible.
And obviously your band camp is still up
so it's always available to to buy as
well. Hopefully you're still getting the
money from that though.
Um,
see,
yes, I I will I will I'll try and work
something out. Um,
uh, I can definitely try and and help
with getting stuff up on on streaming.
It is a pretty reasonable process. Um, I
could talk to you more about it, but
there is definitely a bunch of like
different options we can we can explore
to to make that the case cuz I think I
think I think everyone would appreciate
it.
Um, one last thing before I go back to
talking about the motif things is there
was a demo I had written with you in
mind 12 years ago.
Um, I think we must have talked about it
very briefly on Skype at one point and
um
um the idea of that song is kind of like
was went kind of defunct and so um never
ended up finishing everything. It's I I
reuse parts of it in this new album. So
that's kind of fun.
It's a I I can point it out when the
album's out because I think it would be
cute. Well, yeah. Thank you. Thank you
for saying hi. You're the greatest of
all time.
Oh, the biggest biggest honor of my
life.
Biggest honor of my life.
Um,
so the
I need to turn the get down.
There we go. Um,
so what was I just doing before this? I
was showing the Okay, there there was
the the one up uh the oneup motif was
the oneup motif. There's two other
motifs in here technically. Um
the other the other main motif in the
Super Pony World series is the
the song of home motif or the technical
term for it is the equestrian courage
anthem. And that is this.
[Applause]
[Music]
So that goes
something like that. Um,
and that that shows up at different
points later on, especially in fairy
tales. Um, I can't remember all the
instances off the top of my head, but I
definitely know that things like um
I think in Medley of Visions again it
was like
where is it?
Here.
This one.
[Music]
So there's that one. Also, shout out Bri
for that [__] That was incredible. But
technically, that motif traces back all
the way to this
cuz Ardan Cadency was originally
intended to be a part of the the lore.
And
the equestrian courage anthem is this.
[Music]
This is from April 19th, 2015. This is
the original first appearance of this
motif.
[Music]
This is now the kingom we made
upon all of our sins to our grave.
Although we've all come out short,
it's only the beginning.
Only the beginning
of the world we made.
[Music]
So that was 10 years ago. And of course,
everyone's mentioning how that was
articulated in not here
um in here.
[Music]
upon all of our sins to our grave.
And even though girls are wizards is not
a part of the Super Pony World storyline
because this takes place in the fairy
tale simulation that definitely belongs
there musically. I'm trying to think
what are the other instances of the
fairy tales motif. Actually,
interestingly enough, there are some
examples on the wiki.
Um,
I wonder what's in here. I don't quite
remember
here. So, there's
Oh, they're not all listed here yet.
Unfortunate. We'll get there. Um but
there are other examples. Oh, also in um
Serpent Dance, I think.
[Music]
No, it's in uh Hoof Prince.
Yeah. Yeah. In the background here.
[Music]
Now, um
you'll hear that in a lot of other
songs, I think, in small ways and large
ways. Um
the and of okay, I'm leaving one really
primary motif out for just a moment cuz
I want to talk about how in 2021 I
started doing motifs via producer tag.
So, obviously there's the uh something
[Music]
Wait, I forget where it is in Wfair.
sing.
[Applause]
So obviously motif was
I embraced producer tags as like a motif
starting in cutie marks. Cutie marks
still has its own um motif as well. So
there's the uh
[Music]
which also shows up here.
[Applause]
[Music]
But of course in cutie marks the main
thing was the tag. Um
uh then in fish whisperer I went back to
a normal motif which was
this melody
which is uh
[Music]
I don't remember where I put it in here.
I don't remember where I put it in here,
but I know in Yakong it's the uh
[Music]
um
I'm having a hard time remembering where
I place the motifs in in Fish Whisperer.
Um but the motif shows up very
prominently.
[Music]
Good grief. It's good to feel alive and
a smile
and I know I'm going to be all right.
[Music]
So that's that motif there. Step in
time. Oh,
[Music]
there it is. Thank you.
So, that's a fish whisper one.
So, that's that one. And also, of
course, fish whisper technically is a
motif in and of itself because of the
[Music]
Let's see if I remember how to play
this.
I play by ear, so I completely forgot
how to play this.
There we go.
Hey.
[Music]
That's a fish whisperer motif. And the
reason why it's a motif despite never
showing up again a fish whisper is
because of this.
[Music]
cuz that's the motif.
So, um, there's that. And then, of
course, Carousel, the main motif in this
is actually just Creek Flow's voice.
[Music]
I don't know if it's in Let's Fight the
Castle, but
[Applause]
[Music]
There's that one.
cuz the good times are here.
And what's interesting is that
that sound
um when I was working on Carousel, and
this is probably going to make a lot of
sense now, Creek Flow was the first song
I made for the album.
The entire album started with Creek
Flow, and I basically built my way up to
to Creek Flow.
That's how I wrote the album. Um,
and so
that's how it became the motif is
because I had that sound.
And of course, the way I did this was I
had I made a vital patch
and
I was just playing stuff.
[Music]
So Cricut's voice sounds really organic
because
it is it is hand played.
[Music]
And so to me it was really poignant that
the album started with Creek Flow
because it ended with Creek Flow and
Creek Flow sort of became so much. But
the motif for Carousel was primarily
that little bit there. Um
whereas there isn't really a musical
melodic phrase that is interpolated
throughout the album as its um as its
tag or its like motif or anything. Of
course for Monarch
um I'll get to that in a second. But for
Monarch obviously the main the main
thing was yeah Sludge.
[Music]
Okay, Greek. Close. Sing it for me.
And that is played at different
intervals throughout the album without
you even fully realizing it.
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't think it's in pass, but in play
dead it's
[Music]
right here.
So that's where that shows up. Um,
I don't think it's in here.
[Music]
I don't think it's in here either.
Actually, I'm starting to forget where
the motifs are in here. I might be
missing them, but I think um
[Music]
[Applause]
one of the horns starts playing the
motif here
[Music]
since the vitality glitch.
Oh yeah, you're right.
Right there. Yeah.
And basically the idea is that the motif
plays throughout the album up until
Sludge. Once Sledge happens, the motif
doesn't happen again cuz it's the Sledge
motif. It's not necessarily the monarch
motif. And then obviously the tag of the
album is the wolf howl.
Um and so yeah there's there's that. Now
uh girls who are wizards
obviously this is where the main thing
was. Um the music never stops. No.
[Music]
There's
there's that and of course on there's in
this one
and obviously you hear that throughout
the album. Um but then also there is a
small motif and that is um the sacred
dragon one.
[Music]
I forgot it goes up there. Um, that
actually shows up here again.
[Music]
Okay.
Wait, is it this one? I actually might
be forgetting.
Is it maybe the name of Friendship Out?
Actually, I'm swear I'm not remembering
anymore.
[Music]
It shows up again, I swear. Um,
Man, I'm I'm really forgetting this
[__] I do so much. Um I swear I swear I
used the sacred dragon motif somewhere
else.
I thought it wasn't facing a duplicate
of the low server. It might have just
been very similar.
[Music]
Using my big fab brain to think about
this.
Oh, I remember now.
Right here.
right there. That's where I use the
[__] motif. It wasn't in the drop.
Okay, I'm not stupid. I know what I'm
doing. Um, that motif.
Remember it.
Remember that motif. You're going to
want to like to remember that one. Um,
so obviously the one I've been leaving
out one very important motif
and it's going to be the one that if you
don't know about it yet, it might ruin
everything for you.
And it starts with uh
starts with this.
I'm going to let this play out
until the motif happens.
[Music]
Hi, great flow.
A demon, the patron of sorrow.
Everything in blindness the hell of
tomorrow.
[Music]
How shall she
dawn? The demon finds in a finite
condition
from ideal that's so bound by
contrition.
We a creation of a fallen mystic. How
can a world purge curses unseen
[Music]
will bring light in the world still
warning transgression is punished by its
ownence?
What is the
deliverance?
The end
of innocence
by the creed of innocence
and by totality the stars all around
the world they once knew.
[Music]
So
there in lies two motifs,
the Saturn motif and the Spectre motif.
motif.
That's the Saturn motif and
is the spectre motif.
Now remember again this melody
[Music]
fallen aes
to the
[Music]
not in this one. I don't think so. Um,
isn't that nice?
[Music]
Oh, I don't remember where it is in
penumbra.
[Music]
Here it is.
I may be wrong, but isn't that the motif
straight up your YouTube intro drinkle?
[Applause]
Somebody
Um.
Oh, I'll do the uh
[Music]
life untold.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Bye.
Oh no.
[Music]
is not nice.
These are only the examples I feel like
showing right now. Um,
they're in a lot of songs. It's in a lot
of songs.
And the idea is
if that is there, if if that motif is
there,
it's a part of the lore.
It's like a part of the story,
which is very nice.
So, you know,
there's also the uh
back to the the Spectre theme, the
Let's see.
[Music]
It shows up in some of these as well,
specifically
End of Death Whisper.
and also in homeward stuff I think.
I'm trying to remember which ones.
Is it in a
Oh,
[Music]
not quite the motif I was thinking of,
but um
and I don't remember where I put the
other Spectre's theme, but they're
around. You just have to find them.
Maybe it's better that I don't remember
where they all are because uh surprise
even to me. Think it's in tier.
[Music]
Oh yeah.
Although that's a direct quote of
forewarning which has the first instance
of it also. Yeah. End of media visions
as well.
[Music]
And there's more. Many of them are
really subtle and hidden. You guys just
have to find them.
But that's why I I I kept the Saturn and
Spectre motifs for last because well,
those are the ones
that are like the most prominent and
they're in everything.
So, yeah, top five Saturn Saturn motifs.
Now, the problem is is that some of the
albums that are related to the story
didn't originally start out as related
to the story, too. I'm thinking of
things like Our Light and After and
Carousel. So, those probably won't have
the motif unless I did them by complete
accident because it's a melody that I
like to do anyway. Now, what's funny is
I I did um
I did uh I did this motif starting in
2016, but one of my favorite albums,
which you can even find by going on my
band camp,
Aerys Aerys Infinity
[Music]
And
what's funny is Clerks is one of my
favorite musicians ever. And um we were
talking a lot in the process of me
working on Mystic Acoustics and
Homeward. Um, I did the motif first by
definition, but what's funny is that I
was actually supposed to be on this
song.
[Music]
And and I did a I did a small I did a
small demo for it. I don't know if I
still have it.
Um
that's it. Yeah. Okay. But that's not
the that's not the exact one, but
whatever. It's fine. Um,
I did a vocal demo for it in 2017 when I
was working on Mystic Acoustics.
[Music]
I can't seem to find the demo where this
came from. So, I originally Clerks had
made a different beat and I sang over
it. Then he took the vocals I did and
put it on a new demo with the vocals
pitched down like this. I can't find the
first demo, but basically he took my
vocals and like
[Music]
all the times and you have no idea that
I can counter all the fights. I remember
I remember
[Music]
the same.
So, I was originally supposed to be on
this song and I only found out a few
years later that he kept part of my
vocals in there. If you listen closer to
the background, you can hear my vocals
still
right there specifically.
And so, it's funny because even though
I'm not technically on this album as a
feature or anything, I'm still in the
background on this song. And
that said, it's funny to hear this motif
in this album
because I did the motif before this
album and um he didn't really know much
about the motif either and this has
nothing to do with my lore or my
anything.
Um,
but I was like involved with it even
mildly. And so it's almost like he
accidentally
let me have this little thing in.
It's really weird. It's funny.
If stories based off of referencing
yours, oh, it's like fine. Obviously,
they would be, you know, everyone's
individual personal stories, but yeah.
Um,
yeah, that's Joe. Anyway, that's uh
that's that. That's kind of fun.
So,
now love and pony step
has um
a tag motif.
Uh, but it's not it's not the same as
it's not the same as the other albums in
that the tag or tags change very
frequently,
but they're still related. I'm trying to
think what I can show to exemplify this.
Well, okay. So, I've already played part
of Worst Wave Ever on stream before,
so I guess I can do this. But obviously
my love scope has this
[Music]
this right here. Hostile inbound. And
then you go to worst wave ever.
[Music]
Productions presents Lucario Pictures
original movie.
ever
hardcore search and destroy.
Can you sort of see what this is going
to be?
What that's going to be with that tag?
Also, I don't know how I didn't mention
the
the this one.
[Music]
Long ass introd.
[Applause]
And you just can't say everyone knows
the name of the game.
You know how we do it.
[Music]
Obviously, I've talked about the the
Pedro tag a million times, so I mean the
Pedro tag, everyone.
But um Oh yeah. So the
love and pony step has um a lot of
different tags in it. So motifs aren't
really a thing here so much as the tags
are. This this album was was okay.
What's really funny is my idea for Love
& Pony Step because this album's really
chaotic. Um I wanted to have like a
bunch of tags and just like spam them a
lot. And what's really funny is then
Skrillex put out [__] you Skrillex where
that album has a ton of tags smothered
all over it. And I was doing it first. I
was like really I was like I was like
partially annoyed at first. I was like
oh my god Skrillex stole my idea.
Skrillex buddy now we're okay whatever.
Um but um at the same time I was also
like you know what this the new Skirix
album makes me want to like maybe turn
it up a notch even more. So I did turn
it up a notch even more.
So, uh, it did inspire me to do
something, but I was doing it first. Let
the record show. Um, some of the tags
are like really good.
Um, the tags are by um,
we have a we have a few of them. There's
like a there are some dishy tags, there
are some fluffy tags, there are some
Necco snicker tags. Um, Extra Happy did
some tags for the album or did a tag for
the album. So, it's like this album's
smothered. This album is simply
smothered.
Um,
and there are some tags that only get
used in corporate illustration, and
those ones are some of my favorites.
Oh, yes. Yes. Pico even has a tag. Pico
has a tag. Shout out Nerk Man's
official.
Um
actually I think I think um I think your
tag actually was on um Dove not TV if I
remember correctly
[Music]
that Nerk's on the beat is a our Pico
tag. Hold on. It's the uh
No mids on the beat.
That's my favorite because it's like
bigger does doesn't is not even doing
music on the album. I just like need him
need him represented.
Is Dove not TV ever going to release on
streaming?
Well,
I have good news for you. It is on
streaming.
Uh, and so is there was a dragon tamer
and so is no fandom.
Those just went up like yesterday.
The thing is is like um the reason why I
keep doing stuff that doesn't show up on
streaming immediately is because um some
a lot of times I need to just like write
music to get like my feelings out.
Sometimes it's like my vent art or
whatever. Um sometimes it's like good
stuff and sometimes it's bad stuff. Um,
and like I just need it. I just need it
to exist. Um, and it won't be for like
an album or anything. It's just some
[__] I want to do. Um,
and what's tough is
back when I first started releasing
music, the process of releasing
something was put thing on Band Camp,
put thing on YouTube, announce it, done,
and that's it. Now, nowadays, it's like
if I want to release one thing, I have
to give it a go to the catalog and and
catalog it on both the the backend and
front-end catalog sheets. Make sure to
give it a a catalog number, make a
YouTube video, get all the credits and
catalog number stuff on there. Um, I
have to do the artwork. I have to get
all the the master file folders
together. I have to do the website and
the card updates. And I have to get it
up on streaming through distribution.
And I have to make the YouTube video.
And I had to do all the band cam stuff.
Um, I had to export all the stems. I had
to do all the blah blah blah blah blah
blah. The process of releasing a single
thing now is like 25 times longer than
how it used to be. Um, for me and so
when I do these like random songs that
are just me doing my feelings, it's like
I I don't even want to think about like
the process of of releasing this
officially just yet.
Um,
so that's why I'll just like post
something and not think about it until
later. Like when I'm ready to finally
catalog everything, then I'll then I'll
do it. But that's why a lot of that
stuff doesn't show up on streaming at
first cuz I just need it to exist first.
I don't want to I don't want to be
bogged down by like basically all this
week I've just been getting Love and
Pony Strive ready for release. That's
just been this entire week for me.
Like it is a much longer process now.
Normally people have like a management
for this. I don't because I don't really
trust people to do things exactly the
way I want them to be done. So, uh I
just do everything by myself.
I have been getting a little bit of help
here and there now with with the
pillings though. It's been it's been
fun.
But other than that, um it's still
mostly just been me.
Normally people people with like with
with like a lot less um of a audience h
will be having managers still.
Um it's just like managers are
expensive. They're going to take my
money. They're they're they're going to
be violet pony too.
Now uh dove not to be is its own thing.
It doesn't. It's not consequential to
anything. No fandom is its own thing.
It's not consequential to everything. Uh
there was a dragon tamer has some
relevance to love and pony stuff though.
It's not part of love and pony step, but
some of the stuff I was writing um is
echoed in different parts of love and
pony step to different capacities. So,
um yeah, that's just a thing.
It's sort of an addendum because I
didn't write those things in the album.
So, it's like I was just writing it
there instead.
Man, I have been talking a lot of words.
Oh, so we've been consistently at over a
hundred viewers. I didn't even realize.
That's really scary. Some of you should
leave.
I want Can we Can we keep the stream
numbers down to to double digits?
Um, what's funny is, uh,
whenever I do those songs too, usually
it's in under an hour.
So,
I was a dragon t there was a dragon
tamer
is an exception. So, that one I finished
in about an hour and 45.
Um, but then Dove not to be I made in 45
minutes from start to finish and No
FandM I made in an hour from start to
finish.
Let me see what else. Uh because I do
some of these a lot. Uh I want you to be
alive. I think took me 45 minutes to
make from start to finish this thing.
Um
these ones look like they're part of
those kinds of releases, but they're
not. These ones took longer. Um I want
to feel like a little dragon took me
like 45 minutes to make.
[Music]
Uh
oh, this this my catalog is still
missing some of these, isn't it?
Interesting.
Okay. Well, you know,
um they're always good for me to make,
so I don't ever want to think about
having to release them properly until
later.
Mhm. Okay.
I'll do more of these. I'm I need to
like catalog a lot of these and put them
into an album so they're like in a
collective space. And always the photos
I'm using for these cuz the format's
pretty similar for for these where I
I'll do I'll get a photo and I'll like
scribble over it.
The photos are always always have
something to do with Oh, that's the same
thing. The photos always have something
to do with uh what I'm writing about in
some way.
Like this is a photo I took uh
in I think it was
somewhere a few few hours out of San
Francisco. We were doing a camping trip
and I was dealing with some [__]
How do you finish impromptu projects
like this between working on big art
projects? Um I turn my brain off. That's
one of the big things is just turn my
brain off. I don't try and think about
the logistics of it. I just do things
based on my feelings and then I think
about it later.
One of the worst things you can you can
do is get into the cycle of like is this
finished? Is this finished? Is this
finished? It's like if it feels finished
then you know if it's something small
like this just just [__] just say
it's done. Come back to it. Uh and if
like you you you finish it and you feel
like it was underdeveloped then you can
go back and do more with it another
time. No one's going to be mad at you
for that.
Sometimes you need to just put [__] out
there. I I I've been splitting up my
workload into things I'm doing for
perfection for perfectionism purposes
and things I'm not doing for
perfectionism purposes. Like dove not to
be. This song is wildly wildly wildly
wildly wildly unpolished. This thing is
rough. The mixing makes no [__]
sense. Um stuff just [__] happens
with no continuity. I wasn't thinking
about making it make sense. I was just
like, I need this thing in my head to be
ed music and that's it.
You need to give yourself permission to
make weird weirdo weird [__] whatever
[__]
Like
my best advice is split your time up
into perfectionism time and
non-perfectionism time. Take some time
to push yourself as an artist and take
your take some time to do stuff that is
just like nice to do.
Um, now it's funny is Love and Pony Step
was supposed to be an anti-perfectionist
album and then it became a perfectionist
album. I I had this problem sometimes.
So, I that's kind of why I had three of
these kind of anti-perfectionist
releases in the midst of working on this
album because it's like I needed to
stretch my my silliness a little bit.
Not even silliness cuz like these are
all serious songs. Um, someone came up
to me at a at Babscon and they were like
asserting that no fandom was like a
funny joke song. I was like, "Ooh,
you're not ready yet. You're not ready.
It was not a joke song."
It was It was cute. It was funny, but
it's like this no fandom is not a joke.
It might come across that way, but I
don't do music ironically anymore.
This isn't 2016. I'm not a teenager.
There there's always something I I want
out of out of music.
Will I know how to tell you your best
friend forgot be on on a full project? I
don't think so.
I do love this song a lot though.
But I don't think it'll be on anything.
No, I like No Phantom. The mixing is
like dog [__] but like I like it that
way.
Sometimes you have to do [__] that's
like terribly engineered for your own
heart. You just focus on the feeling
instead of like polishing it.
Okay,
I've been talking for two and a half
hours about music. That's like first in
a while.
What are the empty ones?
What do you mean the empty ones?
Oh, these these are just like for
separating my major albums and my non-
major things.
That's all that's there for.
And secretly, they actually have like
Where is it?
Oh, this is the a capella to Golden
Light.
Uh
oh. Can we get a
Where the [__] is it?
I'm losing my mind. I'm losing my mind
just a little bit.
There's that one. But where's the first
verse?
Where is even the first verse? Okay,
whatever. This is the golden light ac
capella or something.
Um, that's the same thing.
This is the ac capella to Tempest, I
guess.
[Music]
Uh,
this is my the acapella equality.
equal.
[Music]
My singing voice is very different back
then.
[Music]
I say a capella to wireless those
specific songs because those were like
relevant when I made those dividers. I
don't feel like changing them. So, it's
like whatever.
grandma voice,
I guess.
Even though that was like 10 years ago,
I would have been 10 years younger, but
it's like fine, I guess.
Um,
maybe I'm aging in reverse.
That's a band's name or something not
falling in reverse. Help me.
But yeah, that's what that's what the
blank ones are for. It also doesn't even
work 100% of the time, but like good
enough.
I make a lot of music, I suppose.
But okay, artist is literally pushing
grandma.
Sometimes I feel like it if you guys
like I don't know how old any of you
are, but like I'm I'm in my 20s and my
[__] back already hurts. I thought I
had like 30 more years before this [__]
Girl, shut up. I'm literally like four
years old.
But your van's probably much better than
mine.
No, trust me. I'm shrimping all the
time. It was bad last week.
Well, you know what? Then we're aligned.
We're aligned with it. Also,
everything's upside down.
How to fix this? Transform vertical.
Thank you.
Artists do have bad backs and bad like
forearms, bad hand posture, bad
everything.
Australia stream. All right, we're going
to finally finish. Uh,
we're going to finally finish. Um, as
for hands, like obviously I'm on a
keyboard all the time. So,
um,
that's going to [__] me up a little bit.
But also, I've the last like half year
I've been drawing a [__] ton with my
mouse. So,
ouch,
ouchie, ouchie. Also, someone told me
it's fun to draw with mouse. It is.
Don't tell me to drink water. I have
iced tea.
Low sugar iced tea,
which is nice.
Okay,
now hopefully we should see the stream
count go down to double digits.
I usually lose like half of everyone
once I start playing a game. I think
it's really funny.
Does Icy have wonder?
Oh [__] My next goal is to return to
the mortal plane. I kind of be
forgetting to do this every now and
then.
Wait. Collect my pages type set.
I need that [__] bean image. The one
that says, "All my favorite things give
me carpal tunnel.
All the things I love give me carpal
tunnel."
He's dead.
I wonder if I can find something silly
without going towards the thing.
Uh,
no. I want to explore the funny like
Slenderman forest.
Pico said I need to eat lots of milk to
strengthen my bones. You need to drink
lots of milk to strengthen your bones.
Hearing
collect my pages triggered memories of
the slender they bit I did with my
friends on Discord a couple of years
back. Collect my pronouns.
No, let me look at weird.
Let me find strange objects in this
weird forest. That's what I'm here for.
Okay.
Rivers are on the right for something.
Oh, you're right. The rivers are kind of
running running red.
Speaking of pronouns, the [__] is what
the [__] is up with like people going
crazy about Chris they them? Delta room.
Everyone's like doing mental gymnastics.
Just not call Chris they them.
He said they're fake. They're fake fans.
The makers are still not responding.
Defenses about to be breached.
I'm going back.
Hounds
Wait, what are they building?
Brave Rem.
Pico said the mental gymnastics of that
one person was insane. Grace be he
slashed him in the light world and she
slashed her in the dark world.
Of course it was a brony.
Are you
[Music]
let me go back to sleep?
Shelly, the Android lobster is back. You
[__] bet.
Ironically, still
forces are surrounded. Shelly the
Android robster. He's not responding.
Oh, we're back in. Okay.
First we game, then we game or
something.
First we web, then we punk.
Here's the funny thing is Shelly, like
many of my characters, they all start as
like some random idea that I don't plan
to expand on whatsoever. Then everyone
likes it too much, which makes me like
it too much, and then I end up doing
more with them.
Did you expand the big Rob song? No.
That song is fire, buddy.
Sorry.
Wait, why did that take away my melee?
They were like
that used a melee charge for no reason.
Shelly is the new Mr. Worldwide.
Wait, by the way guys, uh, Shelly and
Lampard are Ta for tea.
Pico said, "I'm a little red swimming in
the sea. I got the red thing with me."
What the [__] is that, Cadence?
I'm You're just jealous. I am dude.
Excellent.
said
he's getting
Wait, what?
Give me your heart.
Finally, my Ronut health is even bigger
than before. Help me.
He just took out a siege tower.
Get worked at Novvic.
Oh, I'm a little blue key. Come and open
me. Right.
People say wrong. Okay, my bad.
You were right about bey. Yeah,
everyone wants to hear me. like, "Yeah,
no one wants to see me play, but they
don't realize they have to get their
game up."
That's okay. I pref I prefer it. It's
like really overwhelming when I see more
than double digits.
Cut the hell out.
Okay, buddy.
Relax.
Should we get a Viopony battle pass?
This area It's mildly confusing.
I hate you.
People said, "Okay, I was going to do a
bit and get into a fight with myself
over this, but I'm too lazy."
You know what? I've I've imagined the
fight in my head already, so it's okay.
I have too many life sigils. Hi, guys.
Okay, weapons good, I suppose. Not the
most exciting thing to find in the
mines.
What? There's twice of you.
I [__] hate this shield guy.
Like sure, I'll waste my melee on that
for you. I suppose demons are taking
heavy casualties.
Give me the orb.
as a monarch head. I can't confirm I'm
very hyped trail PS.
I hope so. We need all the Prague fans
to realize there's joy. There's joy in
broep and pop music.
because of my time. Pony step drops at
3:00 a.m. on the 12th. You bet I'm
listening on the second it drops,
though. Just keep in mind 11 Pony Step
is 95 minutes long. So,
what's your favorite Tracy Breaks track
is a is a good question. Um, I really
like Orphan Source a lot.
I haven't seen you [__] in a while.
Get out of here.
I must find the hidden welves.
Collect my welves.
I am looking for the WS.
Is that a WV?
We're going to ignore the demonic ass
structure in the background. You're not
narrowing it down very very much.
Heat. Heat.
Enemy
troops have been obliterated.
All that for a drop of $5.
We should get 32.7 the creek as a real
radio station.
Truth Moab.
Wait, this was the location of the first
and very first wealth.
[Music]
The thing is 2025 is already shaping up
to be a really great year for music.
There's so much great stuff coming out.
said, "This place looks like my bedroom
after five hits of checkmix."
Five five hits of checkm mix.
Yeah, someone's going crazy right now.
What are you doing all that check mix
for?
Where are the other collect mys?
Come with the laps.
You guys again.
This place is so sprawling. How am I
supposed to collect my wows?
I quoted, "You'll always be a monster. I
know, but I am your monster no longer
and you're writing your book." That's
That's like super awesome. Even though
that's like not even my quote.
It is a great quote.
Where are my walves?
Merbo sweep
kind of true.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure 32.8 would be too
close to 32.7.
You're basically transmitting very close
to 32.7.
Like where the [__] is that music coming
from? you.
Someone should quote Shelly the Android
lobster in their yearbook. For a second
I thought it said someone should unquote
Shel the Android lobster in their
yearbook.
Oh my god. Is this a Dark Souls 2
reference?
We're going to the gutter. We're going
to Black Gulch.
toys.
Pico said tell me
how.
Huh?
What the [__] is in the foreground?
Okay.
Like all this for $2. Guys, what are you
doing here?
Yay. $2. Two doom dollars.
Dollar juice.
Dollar Dooms.
Oh, they're all here.
Hi.
Oh, that kills.
people said, "Okay, Sunny.
Okay, Pico, have a gummy bed.
Good night, Stinky.
Enemy threat has been eliminated. He's
regained control of the battery. Have an
absolutely ro bad.
RF. Rough.
These were enemies for a second.
They really like either I missed the
earlier puzzles or they just ramped up
the puzzles in the back half of this
game.
Might be a bit of both actually.
Why is the Why is the fire going under
the water?
Relax. You're fine.
Thanks for that.
I I still haven't used the bow or
anything.
All this and no walves.
How is this place so sprawling?
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Demons are being routed.
Oh, they're being routed. Are they
have I have you grown yet? Um, I'm
working on it.
Heat. Heat.
Balloon champion leaderboard. wrong game
or something
again. All this no wows. So sad.
Where even the is the [__] my wows?
Now he said to be by your wolves. To be
by your ws.
To be by your
ws.
I'm just wondering around the world we
live in.
$10.
$5.
Why are we fighting each other?
Heat.
Not this [__] guy.
man.
[__] you.
Give me your heart. Give me your orb.
Second tower is down.
Yeah, but where are my Wows? You ever
thought about that?
I might not get to collect my WS.
Do you f Do you [__] with Arizonas?
Yeah, of course I do.
Oh, mango. Much mango used to be a part
of my everyday diet when I was like a
teenager.
I still love it. It's just so much
sugar.
I keep forgetting there's like a map.
I've like not used this at all.
[Music]
rivers run blue. Rivers run blue. Rivers
run blue.
Rivers run blue.
Blue and orange. Blue and orange. Blue
and orange.
Okay. Okay.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Sorry. You wrong. [__]
[__] [__] I should have lied.
[__] I should have lied about it. I
should have lied about it. Then it's
okay.
You can lie next time. I'll try lying
next time.
Excellent.
There's like a mysterious world.
Wait, have I been in here already? Oh,
this is the same [__] place.
I saw a tide pot at my local grocery
store last week and it looked so tasty.
Close enough. Welcome back 2018.
Tide pod album when
now he said no
my thoughts exactly Okay.
[Music]
Heat.
Do it.
Can you [__] stop it?
Like a chill out. Take a chill pill.
Rona armyism works.
Heat. Heat.
Give me your orb.
Oh, David.
All targets destroyed.
There's one left.
David Honey Bunches, I got to do
something real quick before I play the
video game known as Doom Dragon. Gnome
as
gnome as
Wait, this is the wealth room again.
Two wolves remain.
Daddy said wolf steady.
[Music]
How are we How are we doing a tide pod
bit in 2025?
How is that happening right now?
Now he said please no
[Music]
Where are the [__] walves?
I'm never going to get my wealth on.
wealth acquired.
One wealthy remains.
Dawn of the final wealth.
Show me the toys.
toys.
Okay.
Relax. I'm really relaxed right now.
That's excellent.
That batsellent.
Okay.
What do you think of this game so far,
Violet? I mean, we're almost done with
it. Um, it's cool.
The environments are really cool and I
really like the guns.
Um, not my favorite installment of the
the Doom series, but
it's good.
In a in a year in a decade where a lot
of AAA games are absolute dog [__] it's
like I will take just okay and fun
sometimes, I guess.
Okay. Where is the final wolf? Where is
the dawn of the final wolf? I mean
wealth. Sorry.
Danny said IBRV. Okay. Row
Where is the wealth?
One, two, three, four.
What?
Okay. Wait a second.
One, two, three, four. Okay, maybe I
I did that one.
Presumably
I did this one
wherever it is.
And another one just over here.
I I'm a little confused.
I want to top there.
Question mark.
No, I am thoroughly confused.
Where is Walie?
I'm never going to find Wowee.
What is this cruel world?
[Music]
I'm losing my [__] marbles.
Where is the even [__] this even
wealthy?
I want to get like my weird pink
crystal.
Is it Is it even in this area? All the
others were in the same area.
Yeah, he said Baba back.
Baba back.
This wal is pissing me off.
I might just have to go on without it.
I'm losing my patience and I'm losing my
marbles.
Even relax. Even relax.
Baba Dooby world.
Just checking one last time.
Huh?
D.
[Music]
Right.
Okay. I give up.
I give up on Wy.
What it your problem?
No, this is like actually pissing me
off. I want to find the W.
It's like fine.
The clear ship is powering up. The
makers won't allow this. The Slayer will
decide his fate.
The Fleigu gigu will decide his fate.
Heat. Heat.
Okay.
Heat.
Oh, these characters.
It is your duty to protect your
creation. Heat. Heat.
Princess Hick, please help me. I could
still be of service.
Hi.
Heat.
Why can't I see my weapon wheel?
I only did what was asked of me.
Why can't I see my weapons?
Oh, what the [__] is going on with my
game?
Hello.
Where? Where? Okay. Where is what?
[Applause]
Hello.
Oh, thank the con.
What's happening?
Hello.
Creed maker. Daddy said want the ro.
Okay.
What? What the [__]
I can't even go to the PlayStation menu.
Do I have to force shut down my
PlayStation?
Um, okay.
Oh, death.
My PlayStation won't even shut down.
What the [__]
WTF? I've never seen this in my life.
What?
First game on the PS5 and break the
console. What the hell?
Um,
I might need to unplug the PlayStation.
Hold the plug.
This
This is in a spot that's like very
inconvenient
cuz I don't anticipate unplugging [__]
Oh, that was just
It just occurred to me that the plug for
this might be not detachable.
Now I can't Fine.
[Music]
Oh [__]
I've never experienced anything like
this before.
Not with any console I've ever owned in
my life.
Okay. How are you feeling? PlayStation,
are you going to be alive?
Still waiting for it to show up or do
anything.
Um.
Oh
yeah. No [__] [__]
Guess if I pulled a three to it,
this is so kind. PlayStation.
So sweet of you to do.
Okay, great.
All
right, I'll give it a whirl.
[Music]
Is that USB icon going to stay there
forever?
Okay, thank you.
Create maker nearly killed PlayStation
5. That was insane.
Literally never experienced anything
like that before.
Like usually if something crashes, I can
still like force quit to the PlayStation
menu, but not this time.
Creed baker new crisis.
This game has been running so smoothly
otherwise. That was very surprising.
It is your duty to protect your cre.
Princess, Please help me. I could
Okay, we're back.
I only get what was asked of me. Hey,
dude.
Oh, is that what that attack is supposed
to be? I couldn't even tell when it was
glitching out.
Heat.
I'm worth more to you alive than dead.
I can bring you Prince Aren.
Hello worm.
You didn't have to do that.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Photos cause pain to me.
Fuel your power to win.
Your power was a
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Oh, he's so small.
Wait, wait.
Frazzer
is keeping her alive on his ship.
If she dies, his power would die with
her.
I can take you to her.
I'm guessing that's a no
death screams.
What? What did I miss?
Oh, did I get everything but the [__]
raid soon? Those [__] wells.
I clock I locked in for this [__] and I
still missed the WS.
[__] this [__]
Oh, and I miss one secret
and one like dictionary page.
Oh, where is it? Gundam again.
This guy sucks at Fortnite.
Dumbass ship.
Heat. Heat.
Fix her gun. Be ready in time, sir.
Refueling complete. Royal Atland online.
[Music]
Thoughts on loudness war? I'm fighting
it in love and pony step. I'm fighting
in the loudness war for love and pony
step. So
fire.
Combat mode engaged. Siege breakers are
armed and online.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Cuddle mode activated.
You can't do anything, dude.
Heat.
Yeah.
[Applause]
Yes. Doom. Open a dark fountain.
Heat
up here.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Wow.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Why am I spinning? What are we spinning
about?
I'm not doing anything. I was just
making the camera do that by itself.
Heat.
Azri's forces have been crushed.
Why is it doing my camera? Oh,
stick drift. No, it happened after like
a cut scene or thing or something.
Hello, Warcraft.
You do not look comfortable.
Wait, do you need help?
Oh,
big barber.
He said, "Biga, big bubba.
I mean, this better not be a stick
drift.
It happened very spontaneously. There's
no way. I'm sure it's a game glitch.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Come on.
What was that plopping sound?
What?
I can never rule as king
so long as You are the only one they
fear.
Okay.
Heat. Heat.
This is true power.
How does it feel, Slayer?
Okay.
Don't get mad.
Chill out.
Oh, it's a baddie.
Be lava.
Heat.
Well, I thought I parried Heat. Heat.
Enough of this
[__]
Okay,
let's start from Oh, let's start from
this one.
Was
that y'all?
[Applause]
Enough
of this.
Round.
Ah,
heat.
How are you? Ouchie.
That's my doom gale.
Oh, he screams in lowercase.
David,
no.
There's like a sadness component to
this.
That was doggy. That was David.
You just made Doomgal so mad.
That was literally doggy.
Do I get berserk or something?
Heat.
[Applause]
Wow.
All of Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Okay.
Come on.
Ah, he said calmly
[Music]
gets unbrainwashed of that Doom
character.
Azri's life signal is still active. It
is transmitting now from the hell
dimension.
[Music]
Hello, Squidward.
Rivers run blue.
[Music]
here. Take your like Yu-Gi-Oh thing
back.
Fra,
are you all right?
I am.
Okay.
Daddy said okay.
[Music]
me when my tape physics.
Lead Azer to the Slayer.
Shouldn't it be the other way around?
Draw the Horde to us.
Let's go.
Wait, why is it doing adaptive triggers
at me? Okay, now it's not anymore.
Okay,
sure.
as much time as you can.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
A relic key is required. Why? Yeah, I
know.
Okay, bro.
Open the bone gate.
Thank goodness.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
said back in Bava City. Hello, Baba
City.
Yeah.
Okay.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
How many of you are There.
Come on.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Otherwise,
[Music]
Oh,
okay.
That was kind of sucks.
Okay, one life sigil.
Oh, and this, I guess.
Do I even really need these at this
point?
H, okay. Hello.
Welcome.
like
Okay.
Why am I collecting these like end game?
approaching hazards hanger.
Getting close. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
down.
I think
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Enmy. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Wait, last four is the enemy.
But that one.
Okay.
Heat. Heat.
ship is taking off. Okay.
Sure. Sure. Are these
Huh?
locking on Azri's signal now.
He's on board. We hold our ground until
he finishes it.
Heat.
Kill him. Avenge your god.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Applause]
Wow.
Kill him now. As long as I live, the old
one can still be resurrected.
[Applause]
I command the horde. Kill me and this
war will never end.
Give me
[Applause]
Is this like a GG Brian D type moment
situation?
Yeah. Shout out purple for this
particular moment.
Prince Ashark exertions.
Okay.
Shout out to uh Flail.
Very much ahead of the game here.
[__] threw that down. They're just
like, "All right, everyone go home. I
don't care anymore.
I don't know.
It's kind of like a Squidward.
Any
word?
No one has seen him since the assault.
We are much better off with him on his
own.
And you, young Sentinel, your father
tells me great things about you. Thank
you, sir.
Who are you people?
The Maker's Church has disavowed all
actions taken by the creed. They give
their word he was acting alone and
they'll bring justice to anyone that
collaborated with them.
We'll move forward with our own
Inquisition quietly.
It is time to look forward.
We will always be a people of faith, but
we must consider now who we will put
that faith in.
And I say to you, there is no better
place to turn to than ourselves.
This is our home. And we will stand
together to the last sentinel to defend
it, as we have before, as our ancestors
did, as we always will.
And lastly,
I'll ask you to join me now in paying
our respect
to him. The people of Argentinor rest
easier now knowing he is out there.
Doom, bro.
Targets identified.
Slayer ready for
Okay. Um,
I don't know how much I cared about this
story. I have no idea what's going on.
Yeah, he did. like cooking.
The game was fine.
Yeah, that's that's it. Let's let's hold
a video game.
That was games to play. Nightmare Doom
Slayer.
Uh, okay. Nightmare. Nightmare.
Nightmare. Nightmare. Nightmare.
Nightmare. Okay.
I'm like really tired and very hungry.
So, I think I'm going to end stream now.
I'm just
That was That was not fascinating.
I I don't really have much much to say
about it right now. I need to think
about it a bit more.
Thank you for coming to Baba City. Thank
you for coming to Baba City. Oh, I
forgot Pival was here.
It's fine. Leave Baba City. Everything's
fine. Lava, stop. Stop it. Oh my god,
everything's falling down because of the
PlayStation movement situation.
Okay, well, thank you for coming to
stream everyone.
Uh, that was Doom, I think. We punk
tomorrow. Shout out.
Uh, bye.